added PRUDENCE regions to defined scientific regions (#276)
regionmask/regionmask: docs/defined_scientific.rst

    plt.tight_layout()

PRUDENCE Regions
================

The PRUDENCE regions were defined in the PRUDENCE project as European sub-areas for regional climate model output and are often used in European climate studies. They contain 8 regions, Alps (AL), British Isles (BI), Eastern Europe (EA), France (FR), Iberian Peninsula (IP), Mediterranean (MD), Mid-Europe (ME), and Scandinavia (SC). 

> .. warning:: The region FR and ME overlapp, hence 2D masks will not be correct. Use 3D masks, createmask for each region separately and then concatenate, see https://github.com/regionmask/regionmask/issues/228

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: The region FR and ME overlap, hence 2D masks will not be correct. Use ``mask_3D`` to create masks for each region separately and then concatenate, see `#228 <https://github.com/regionmask/regionmask/issues/228>`__.
```

.. ipython:: python

>     regionmask.defined_regions.prudence.plot();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    regionmask.defined_regions.prudence.plot(resolution="50m");
```
